MySQL - Curso em Vídeo  Aula 12

01.
MySQL has literal operators, for example, "like", that search on database for some data similar to the condition requested.
Example: 

	select * from cursos where nome like 'P%';
	
The search request by where is case sensitive in this example and the % signal means something to replace (any or several characters) and search just what is ordered.

02.
The position of the wildcard % is important because if you change him, will have a different result.
For example, try this:

	select * from cursos where nome like 'a%';
	select * from cursos where nome like '%a';

The difference is that the letter "a" will be searched at the final of the characters.

03.
And also, if you use "%A%", the where gonna search the
character in any data.

04.
The opposite of like is not like.

05.
It's possible to use UPDATE just by changing data with select, clicking on them, and changing their information. After this, there's a button called  "Apply", so just click him.

06.
Summarizing, like command is used to search for something that starts or ends with the statement requested. Example:

	select * from cursos where nome like 'ph%p'; (photoshop and PHP)

07.
And there's a wildcard that obligates to show an existent character,
for example:

	select * from cursos where nome like 'ph%_'; (Photoshop, PHP, PHP4, PH7)
	select * from cursos where nome like 'p_p%'; (PHP, PHP4, PH7)

08.
So, in a giant database, we can search specific names, for example:

	select * from gafanhotos where nome like '%silva%';

(Every person that has Silva gonna be selected)

09.
To show every data existent and distinct from each other, there's a command to search like this:

	select distinct carga from cursos; (and show all workloads and don't repeat them)
	select distinct nacionalidade from gafanhotos; (and show all countrys)

10.
There's a function called aggregation function, that works to select or show how many of something there is. For example, counting:

	select count(*) from cursos; (and show how many items have in cursos)
	select count(*) from cursos where carga > 40;

11.
We also can request the maximum inside of something with aggregation. 
Example:

	select max(totaulas) from cursos;
	select max(carga) from cursos;

The minimum as well:

	select min(totaulas) from cursos;
	select min(carga) from cursos;

12.
To have more certain results, we can add more information
to ask for a search. For example:

	select nome, min(totaulas) from cursos;

13.
We can sum and request averages from data. Example:

	select sum(totaulas) from cursos; (583)
	select avg(totaulas) from cursos; (19.4333)

