01.
Lines are tuples and columns are fields or attributes.

02.
We can't manipulate several lines at the same time, but we can change inside a line in several columns at the same time.

03.
To change the name of a column, we update the table, set it in some column, and indicate where is the data (where is the primary key). Example: 

	update course set name = 'HTML5' where courseid = '1';

04.
To change more than one column in one line, we just do a double set with a comma.
Example: 

	update course set name = 'PHP', year = '2015' where courseid = '4';

05.
To avoid the risk of changing more than one line if there's no primary key to indicate id, we use the command LIMIT, which helps to set new data information according to how many lines we gonna change. 
Example: 

	update course set name = 'Java', year = '2015' where courseid = '5' limit 1;

06.
To change several lines at the same time with similar characteristics, we must follow the steps below:

	- On the menu, access the button "Edit";
	- Preferences;
	- SQL Editor;
	- Search for the box: "Safe updates";
	- Unmark him;
	- Close the window;
	- Below the menu, have buttons with specific icons.
	So, click on the last button called "Reconnect to DBMS"
	- And now, change lines for example:
	update course set year = '2050' where year = '2018';
	- So every data that contains '2018' in column year
	gonna be set as '2050'.

The safe update is suited to avoid the mass deletion of data in a table.

07.
Besides of update, we use DELETE FROM to drop some lines. Example: 

	delete from course where year = '2050' limit 3;

08.
And then, to delete all lines from a table, we digit the command TRUNCATE TABLE or just TRUNCATE. Example: 

	truncate table course;

09.
The difference between DROP TABLE and TRUNCATE TABLE is:

	DROP TABLE = Delete the whole table structure.
	TRUNCATE TABLE = Delete all lines from the table.

And also:

	DT = Data Definition Language (Change table structure)
	TT = Data Manipulation Language (Change the stuff from a table)