MySQL - Curso em Vídeo  Aula 06

01.
To do something with a field inside of a table, we use the command "alter table". With him, we add the command to be executed (drop - means delete, modify, and add). Example:

	alter table people drop age; 
	or alter table people modify nationality varchar (30); 
	or alter table people add gender;

02.
Using after table, we also can add using the command add column. Example:

	alter table people add column profession varchar (10);

The contrary would be drop column.

03.
To add a column after another specific column we use add column + after nameofcolumn.
Example:

	alter table people add column profession varchar (10) after name;

Doesn't exist "before", but we can add some column before every field, like:

	alter table people add column code int first;

04.
With the command MODIFY, we can change constraints and primitive types (except the name). 
Example: 

	alter table people modify column profession varchar (35) not null default '';

(If we don't write default with no space, gonna generates an error because we can't overwrite another constraint, in this case, was null).

05.
To change the name of a column, we use the following syntax:

	alter table nameoftable >change column< columnoldname newcolumnname configuration

(if there's a constraint defined as null). 
Example:
configurated as null 

	alter table people change column profession professioname varchar (35) not null default '';

with no configuration

	alter table people change column profession professioname varchar (35);

In other words, we modify the name and MUST modify constraints as well.

06.
To change the name of the hole table, we use the following example:

	alter table nameoftable rename to newname;

07.
There is a command followed by create table called "if not exists", that helps to create a table without overwriting another. Example: 

	create table if not exists cursos.

08.
UNIQUE and PRIMARY KEY are different things. UNIQUE can be null and both ensure the uniqueness of the data, the PRIMARY KEY is used to uniquely identify each register in a table and can establish relationships with other tables. On the other hand, the UNIQUE simply ensures that the data in a specific column are unique.

09.
USIGNED means charge without signal. This means that gonna be one byte by each register that has workload registered.

10.
To add a primary key to a column that has been created, we use ADD PRIMARY KEY. Example:

	alter table course add primary key idcourse int first;